Chase Wright: So I don't, I don't know if Boma or Felix are gonna be new any.
Chase Wright: There's, like… 3 items on the agenda, and 3… PRs?
Chase Wright: That would need Felix to merge.
Chase Wright: Okay.
Chase Wright: But if he's not here, then… Oh.
Chase Wright: Does anyone have anything that's… Not on the agenda, or want to talk about one of these…
Chase Wright: 3 discussion items.
Tullio | Erigon: Okay, yeah, I can say something about the Debug witness.
Tullio | Erigon: Draft spec?
Chase Wright: Yes.
Tullio | Erigon: Yeah, I'm gonna advocate for… keeping the… The key is filled.
Tullio | Erigon: I mean, not dropping it entirely, at least keeping it as optional.
Tullio | Erigon: Because, it gives a chance to the provers, to… optimize,
Tullio | Erigon: Even more, on the guest side.
Tullio | Erigon: And so, yeah, I would — yeah.
Tullio | Erigon: I'd like to have it at least as an optional field.
Chase Wright: Okay. So okay. Keep keep keys field optional. Alright.
Tullio | Erigon: Okay, yeah, I can write a comment on the issue as well, if you prefer.
Chase Wright: Yeah, yeah, sure. I'm going to be completely honest. I don't really have strong opinions either way because I'm not involved in the ZK stuff, but it makes sense to me.
Tullio | Erigon: Yeah, yeah. Because otherwise you, you must access.
Tullio | Erigon: The… the pre-state my… Hashing the… And… and it's…
Tullio | Erigon: must happen on the ZKVM side, so it basically costs…
Tullio | Erigon: cycles on the ZKVM, whilst you can avoid this if you pass to the guest.
Tullio | Erigon: the… pre pre images, basically. So yeah, I I write a comment in this.
Chase Wright: Okay.
Tullio | Erigon: But, of course, there are…
Tullio | Erigon: Then, I mean, pros and cons, because on the client side, maybe some client doesn't.
Tullio | Erigon: Want to keep the pre images and so it's a.
Tullio | Erigon: I mean, it's a balance, of course, it's…
Tullio | Erigon: It's not straightforward, in my opinion.
Chase Wright: Yeah, that makes sense. And I mean, if it is, if it is a balancing act, then, I guess it would make sense to just have it be optional then. Yeah.
Tullio | Erigon: Yeah, exactly, exactly. At least to not close the doors to guests to optimize, but at the same time not enforce the client to keep the pre-images.
Chase Wright: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. If you… if you can leave a comment on it, then I'll.
Tullio | Erigon: Yeah, yeah.
Chase Wright: I'll update the spec to reflect that.
Chase Wright: I mean, it's all in draft anyway, so it's fine.
Tullio | Erigon: Okay, I'll do. Thanks.
Chase Wright: Yeah, sounds good.
Chase Wright: Hi, Boma.
Boma: Sorry, I joined late. My internet went down for a while.
Chase Wright: That's all right. So.
Chase Wright: We were talking about the debug execution witness. It seems there's desire for the keys field to remain and become an optional field.
Chase Wright: So… Tulio's gonna, add a comment to that, and then I'll update the spec for that.
Chase Wright: Yes.
Chase Wright: Unfortunately, Felix is not here. I think he is…
Chase Wright: Busy at an offsite or something.
Chase Wright: So I don't think we can make too much progress on getting things merged, but I can…
Chase Wright: Ping him offline, and see if he'll…
Chase Wright: He'll do it when he has a chance,
Chase Wright: And I don't… I don't know if we have anything else… To really discuss…
Boma: Mmm, just… we only just have a few, items on the agenda also.
Chase Wright: Yeah, sure.
Boma: They actually, like, need Felix to look at them.
Chase Wright: Yeah. Okay.
Chase Wright: I mean, they're almost all my stuff anyway. I get my feelings.
Chase Wright: Because, yeah, I mean, we agreed on the previous call, the PRs, the merge, like, we agreed on the previous call that they could be merged, so…
Chase Wright: I don't think we need to re-discuss it,
Chase Wright: And then, the only other thing is,
Chase Wright: Tests are failing. One test is failing for Geth because of a Geth change.
Chase Wright: And that change requires HiveChain to be upgraded to Osaka.
Chase Wright: And I have a poorly vibe-coded PR into Hive to bump the chain up to Osaka.
Chase Wright: But… And there's really not much to talk about there, unless someone is more familiar with
Chase Wright: that task of upgrading the Hive chain than I am, which is probably Felix.
Chase Wright: So I gotta bug him.
Chase Wright: I don't know if there's much else to talk about.
Boma: So, I don't really think there is anything much to talk about, apart from…
Boma: These peers that need to be merged, and then the ones that need to be reviewed.
Boma: Which Felix has, should do.
Boma: Apart from that, nothing else.
Chase Wright: Yeah, I really want to get the testing commit block stuff pushed, because that will fix some other errors in Nethermind.
Chase Wright: Because of the gas limit issue.
Chase Wright: Okay.
Chase Wright: Sorry, this.
Boma: What are what are what about like clients? I think he has.
Boma: Sort of imagine right to this.
Chase Wright: Yeah, he might, I can…
Chase Wright: I can ping him. I don't know.
Chase Wright: Either way, it'll be alright.
Chase Wright: Try to get these merged.
Chase Wright: I mean, unless… unless anybody has anything else, I don't…
Chase Wright: To talk about, like, we can…
Chase Wright: We can call this meeting short.
Boma: Nothing for me.
Chase Wright: Is there…
Boma: Now, the error code discussion.
Chase Wright: Yeah, I don't know. Sina is…
Chase Wright: I don't know if Sina's working on that particular aspect right now, so that's another conversation.
Simsonraj Easvarasakthi: The last update from…
Simsonraj Easvarasakthi: Felix was that he's working with Sina on that, and, they would get back after more discussions.
Simsonraj Easvarasakthi: Yeah, we need, Felix and Sina here.
Chase Wright: Yep.
Chase Wright: Oh, yeah.
Boma: Okay, thank you.
Boma: Hmm, okay.
Chase Wright: Is, what about the the release?
Chase Wright: pipeline stuff. Does anyone have any updates on that.
Boma: I think it should be, Kira, I think.
Chase Wright: Yeah, okay.
Boma: We talked about doing one release, like, one official one.
Boma: So…
Chase Wright: Yeah, I mean, we're on 1.0 beta 7. I'm just not entirely sure.
Chase Wright: What's left?
Boma: Yeah, there was a comment you made on, during that call. You wanted one PR to go in or something.
Boma: I can't recall the exact PR, but there was a PR you made, and you wanted it to go in, then we can now cut it.
Boma: They release.
Boma: Without PRN, so I'm not… And it's like, boom, I.
Chase Wright: That might make sense. So if we can get these three PRs merged, maybe we just move forward with the release.
Boma: Okay.
Boma: I think maybe we can ping Kira for that. She should have The rights to do that.
Chase Wright: Yeah, alright.
Boma: That's all. We don't have any other thing, unless someone else has something else to discuss, then we can call it a day. Okay.
Chase Wright: Silence is golden.
Boma: Okay, I guess that's it.
Boma: Thank you everyone for joining. Sorry for joining late.
Chase Wright: All right. Bye, everyone.
Tullio | Erigon: Thank you.
Stavros Vlachakis: My pleasure.
Tullio | Erigon: Bye everyone.
Stavros Vlachakis: Bye bye.